---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_webhook Data Source - terraform-provider-zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zendesk_webhook (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `authentication` (List of Object) Adds authentication to the webhook's HTTP requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `created_at` (String) When the webhook was created.
- `created_by` (String) ID of the user who created the webhook. "-1" represents the Zendesk system.
- `description` (String) Webhook description.
- `endpoint` (String) The destination URL that the webhook notifies when Zendesk events occur.
- `http_method` (String) HTTP method used for the webhook's requests. To subscribe the webhook to Zendesk events, this must be "POST". Allowed values are "GET", "POST", "PUT", "PATCH", or "DELETE".
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Webhook name.
- `request_format` (String) The format of the data that the webhook will send. To subscribe the webhook to Zendesk events, this must be "json". Allowed values are "json", "xml", or "form_encoded".
- `status` (String) Current status of the webhook. Allowed values are "active", or "inactive".
- `subscriptions` (Set of String) Event subscriptions for the webhook. To subscribe the webhook to Zendesk events, specify one or more event types. For supported event type values, see Webhook event types. To connect the webhook to a trigger or automation, specify only "conditional_ticket_events" in the array.
- `updated_at` (String) When the webhook was updated.
- `updated_by` (String) ID of the user who last updated the webhook.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Read-Only:

- `add_position` (String)
- `data` (Map of String)
- `type` (String)
