---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_sla_policy Resource - terraform-provider-zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  [Experimental] Provides a SLA policy resource. This feature is still experimental and has not been fully tested. Do not use in production environments.
---

# zendesk_sla_policy (Resource)

[Experimental] Provides a SLA policy resource. This feature is still experimental and has not been fully tested. Do not use in production environments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# API reference:
#   https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api/docs/support/sla_policies

resource "zendesk_sla_policy" "incidents_sla_policy" {
  title  = "Incidents"
  active = true

  all {
    field    = "type"
    operator = "is"
    value    = "incident"
  }

  policy_metrics {
    priority = "normal"
    metric = "first_reply_time"
    target = 30
    business_hours = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_metrics` (Block Set, Min: 1) The metric targets for each value of the priority field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy_metrics))
- `title` (String) The title of the SLA policy.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean)
- `all` (Block Set) Logical AND. Tickets must fulfill all of the conditions to be considered matching. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--all))
- `any` (Block Set) Logical OR. Tickets may satisfy any of the conditions to be considered matching. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--any))
- `description` (String) The description of the SLA policy.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- `position` (Number) Position of the SLA policy that determines the order they will be matched. If not specified, the SLA policy is added as the last position.

<a id="nestedblock--policy_metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_metrics`

Required:

- `metric` (String) The definition of the time that is being measured.
- `priority` (String) Priority that a ticket must match.
- `target` (Number) The time within which the end-state for a metric should be met.

Optional:

- `business_hours` (Boolean) Whether the metric targets are being measured in business hours or calendar hours.


<a id="nestedblock--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `all`

Required:

- `field` (String) The name of a ticket field.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator.
- `value` (String) The value of a ticket field.


<a id="nestedblock--any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `any`

Required:

- `field` (String) The name of a ticket field.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator.
- `value` (String) The value of a ticket field.


